   CODEPEN
   
   
   
    https://codepen.io/MedievelKnievel/pen/OJbpJXg
    
    
    QUESTIONS
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     It gives meaning to a webpage, and helps break it into what it should look like.

    2. What is HTML used for?
     It is the backbone of a webpage. It is used to structure.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
     They provide additional info about an element, and we put them in the start tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     It is used to create the title of a page, and it should only be used once. It should be the largest text on a page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
     The <a> tag require href attribute & img tag require src attribute. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We used the <header> tag

    7. What is an id?
     It specifices which HTML element that the corresponding CSS belongs to

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    It is unique, so only once

    10. What is a class? 
    The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    AS much as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=_blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    Specifies an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Using the # symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
     A section groups together certain areas of the document, while the <div> creates a block for use in CSS
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Used to style a webpage and give it more life

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    By using a selector such as h2 { color: blue;}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
   An ID can be used to identify 1 element, class can identify multiple.
   You would use an id on a <nav> tag, whereas you would use class to change the font of all your <h2> elements
   
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      Class selects elements with a specific class attribute. To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
      You can also specify that only specific HTML elements should be affected by a class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{Key: value;}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    Elements that are not directly a child of the specified parent, are not selected.
    This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{Property: value;}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     Line-height property in CSS
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Using a * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Using /* */ and writing between

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    dir

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
     Using rm
     You have to be careful because there is no retreiving anything deleted through the command

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It tracks all work done by any individual working on the project, and prevents work from confilciting

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every step

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Student will add TL as a collaborator
Student then will Clone Repo
Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
     a) Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
     b) Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.




STRETCH QUESTIONS


1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

Inline elements don't force a new line to begin in the document flow.
Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?

Absolutely positioned elements are removed entirely from the document flow.
That means they have no effect at all on their parent element or on the elements that occur after them in the source code.
An absolutely positioned element will therefore overlap other content unless you take action to prevent it.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?

Using position:absolute; in a full size container, and then use overflow:auto;

4.  Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are displayed inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default?

Displayed block by default are: div, p, ul.
Displayed inline by default are: img, span, a
Displayed inline-block by default is : button

 5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
 It wraps around an entire HTML element, and allows for us to create a border around it.
 The fix can be achieved using things like box-sizing: border box
